[docs] Add migration doc for v0.32.0 (#632)
grafana/grafana-app-sdk: docs/migrations/v0.32.md

# v0.30

[Release notes](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-app-sdk/releases/tag/v0.32.0)

*Upgrading from*: v0.30.0, v0.31.*

## What Changed from v0.30.0 and v0.31.*

### CLI Changes (non-breaking)

> The flag `--noschemasinmanifest` has been introduced to not generate OpenAPI schemas in the generated go manifest. 

Reviewer: nit: this may be clearer?
```suggestion
The flag `--noschemasinmanifest` has been introduced, which can be used to prevent OpenAPI schemas from being generated in the go manifest. 
```

This should be used when dealing with recursion that the go code generation via cog can handle, but CUE's OpenAPI conversion cannot. 
This flag is temporary and will be removed once [#460](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-app-sdk/issues/460) is resolved. 
If you need to use this flag, you will also likely need to disable CRD generation (as it uses the same OpenAPI converter) with `--defencoding=none`.

### CUE Changes

The structure of the `codegen` block in CUE kinds has changed. It now is defined as:
```cue
codegen: {
	ts: {
		enabled: bool | *true
		config: {
			importsMap: {
				[string]: string
			}
			enumsAsUnionTypes: bool | *false
		}
	}
	go: {
		enabled: bool | *true

> 		config: {}

Author: Yeah, CLI option is blanket, CUE is per-kind (or, for codegen, even per-kind-version).
